## Section 2 Reflection

1. Regarding the blog posts in Part A, how do you feel about asking questions? Do you tend to ask them too soon, or wait too long, or somewhere in between?
- In my current job, I am generally good at asking questions. I work as a retail beer buyer for a wine and beer store, and if I can't find a particular item for a special order or I can't find the case price or case deal of an item I very quickly reach out and text one or more of the beer representatives. If I can potentially find the solution in 5 minutes I will first look into it myself but if it will take a good bit longer or if I don't know where to look I do not hesitate to ask. I know that is their job to help in this way, and I even better I know that it often makes the rep feel more involved and invested in our store. I have seen the positive outcome of taking up someones else's time - something generally thought to be a negative thing.
- Looking ahead to Turing, I am very driven to diligently explore the answer to a hangup, but after 30min of no forward progress - ask that question! When I get my first dev job, I will keep in mind what one of the blog posts observed about how a company *surely values your time* because they are literally trading currency for it, and therefore, it would be in their best interest as well for me to not spend 4hrs googling something when a teammate might help me get unstuck in 5 minutes.
- I am aware that at times I wait too long to ask for help in academic settings, potentially because I have generally regarded academics as one of my strengths and that asking questions might mean I am not succeeding as I should be. I need to make sure that I reframe this thought to instead be "I am good at academics endeavors, and to be even better it is important to ask questions when I am stuck. It helps me use my time wisely as well as it helps the person I'm asking more deeply learn that topic."

1. In this section, we removed some of the supports that you had in Section 1. We didn't give the directions for how to run a file in node, and really sent you off to learn about functions by exploring several outside resources. How did that feel? What was uncomfortable about it? How did it support your learning?
- When I noticed the direction of how to run the file in node was removed, my first thought was that I should know this from memory. The quote from Albert Einstein about how you should never memorize something that I can look up is interesting, but it is also interesting that I used that node command several times and I still couldn't remember it. It made me feel a bit guilty because I thought back to the advice that I should type out everything rather than copy and paste. I had been copying and pasting that node lookup step, and maybe I would remember it if I had been typing it out. Nonetheless it didn't take much time to glance back at section 1 to find the answer.
- I read a very interesting book on research that had been done into how to study most effectively. One of the most interesting conclusions of the book was that studying that is done easily and smoothly is actually far less beneficial than studying that is slow and arduous. This conclusion can be a bit upsetting because there is nothing better then flying through a topic with a fantastic teacher whereas toiling through a subject with failure after failure can be disheartening to say the least. I tried to keep this in mind when I struggled with functions. I was excited to read the javascript in plain english blog.  Subconsciously I picked it as the best example of the resources possibly because of the modern formatting or the plain english part. However, I found this resource challenging for two reasons. One, it didn't give very many examples. Two, in the example under the arguments headline it showed 'function logsName(name) { console.log(name); Pika, Mahendra }'. After reading other resources I'm pretty confident that the Pika, Mahendra are typed there because he is showing that they are plugged into the function in the console.log(name) "name" area. However, this is not very clear. I thought maybe you typed the name here AND below in the logsName(). But then other resources didn't have this. This ended up in about an hour of struggling in which I jumped between resources. I now feel pretty comfortable in the concept and maybe this struggle ended up supporting my learning and will continue to help down the line. The struggle definitely support my learning in that I will start to gather a list of alternate resources like MDN, CodeAcademy, and the JavaScript book and continue to learn which of these resources aligns best with my learning style as well as results in efficient  success.

1. What is a conditional statement? Give one example of a daily life conditional. Give one example of where a conditional is probably used in a web application you use.
- A conditional is a statement that evaluates to true or false. The question itself doesn't have to be a true or false question but it must be able to have two directions like the two directions on a simple flow chart. A real life example of a conditional would be "Accepted to Turing." This statement could have been true or false and luckily it took the flow chart direction of true to open up the next steps forward. An online survey that asks different questions based on your response to a previous question is a really good way to visualize the flow chart layout of a conditional where a true response leads to a different outcome than a false response.

1. How do you add multiple conditions to an `if` statement? In your own words, explain how to program reads them and determines what to do.
A block of code is run when an 'if' statement is true. If the 'if' statement is false an 'else if' statement can give a different condition that would result in potentially different code being run if it was true. Multiple 'else if' statements can follow that allowing for more conditions to apply. The computer starts at the top of the list of statements and keeps going to the next statement as long as they read false. When it reads true the code connected to the true conditional is run and all remaining code is ignored. Finally, if all 'if and 'if else' statements are false, an 'else', which we can think of as "all else" possibilities, runs its attached code.

1. What tools are available to you, as a developer, if you want to check that TWO conditions are met? Or, if you want to check that 1 of 2 conditions are met, before running a block of code?
Comparison operators (==, >, <, etc) are used to determine whether the statement is true or false. There are also logical operators such as and (&&) and or (||). The && looks at multiple conditions and for the overall outcome to be true  all the conditions within the && must be true. In contrast, with the || only one condition must be true to result in true outcome. Thus the && can be used if you want to check if two conditions are met, and the || if you want to check if 1 of 2 conditions are met.

1. What questions do you still have about `if` statements and/or functions?
- I was slightly concerned when I had a series of 'if' and 'else if' statements that seemed to have covered all the potential options and didn't seem to need to finish in a 'else' statement. I wasn't sure if this was the right answer or not because in all the examples the series of conditionals always ended in 'else' statements.
