## Section 3 Reflection

1. What are two points from the Growth Mindset article and/or video that either resonated with you, or were brand new to you?
  - There were several things that resonated with me while reading and watching the interview about having a growth mindset.  A few of the bigger topics that really spoke to me were to be reflective, seek out new challenges and not to compare yourself to others.  
  First and foremost, being reflective and looking at the progress you already accomplished is something that I am going to have to incorporate into my life in all aspects.  It is so easy to get bogged down and feel defeated when you hit a wall or find a problem that the solution is not readily available.  In those times of struggle when you feel like you don't have it in you to continue, simply look at the progress you've made and feel a sense of accomplishment.  Learning new skills is a process and is going to come with feelings of doubt and fear, however, it is how we respond to those negative feelings in order to move past them to a positive solution.  
  Secondly, the idea of constantly seeking out new challenges and not being afraid to fail definitely resonates with me.  I feel like it is simple to get complacent with everything life can throw at you. If you discover something that is not making you happy or is a constant source of stress, sometimes it feels easiest to avoid that situation or problem and hope that it goes away.  Having a great growth mindset involves recognizing that there is a problem and trying to come up with a plan for success.  Not only come up with a plan for success but having the understanding and willingness to seek out a solution, instead of turning your back.  
  Lastly, my favorite point from the interview was not to compare your success or accomplishments with others that may be where you want to go.  It is easy to look up and have a far fetched goal that may take several years to accomplish, however, don't look at those who have already accomplished that goal and say "maybe they are just smarter or understand the material more"; "I don't think I'll ever get there."  That is very destructive thinking rather than focusing on what has gotten you to where you are and trying to focus on small steps that will eventually lead to fulfilling your goals.  

1. In which ways do you currently demonstrate a Growth Mindset? In which ways do you _not_?
  - I believe I currently demonstrate a Growth Mindset by believing that with practice and effort my skills will continue to develop.  I am a firm believer in the belief that if you work hard enough for something, it will become a reality.  Having a positive mindset when approaching any problem will allow you to explore potential solutions more often.  It will allow you to not quit when the solution is not readily available and give you the drive and motivation to continue to put forth effort until a good solution is found.  
  As well, I believe I am very good at not letting the small mistakes and problems burden me or bring me down.  I have a strong understanding that learning any new skill is going to take time and come with several hurdles (some higher/harder than others), but with enough drive and effort, any new skill is obtainable.  Struggling is a natural part of learning!

  - I am a victim of constantly comparing myself to the successes of others around me.  I believe it has come about in my life through playing sports my entire childhood and wanting to be the best on the team.  While this created drive to constantly want to get better, it also was a very destructive mentality to getting better.  Having the understanding of exactly where I am at and the small steps in order to continually work to get better should be the focus.  Paying too much attention to what others are doing around you takes away from productivity and could be time that you are actually increasing skills.  

1. Think of a web or mobile application you use regularly. Where is an example of a place that the developers probably use Arrays? Explain.
  - One app that comes to mind would be the app that I use for my fishing reports.  I would imagine that developers would use arrays to group different data pieces that are all alike on the app.  For example they may have a separate array for each river in the area.  Inside of that array may contain data such as date of last report, who made the last report, pictures from each report, what bugs are working well, water cfs flow, etc.  Since all this information can be brought together in a list based on what river you are searching, an array (potentially an object) could be used by developers.  For example:
```javascript
var bigThompson = ["August 12, 2020", "nymphing", 87, "picture of big fish"];
```

1. In your own words, explain what an Array method is.
  - An Array method is something that changes or performs some action to an existing array.  These methods are built into Javascript and have very specific functions depending on what action the developer would like to take upon an Array. The method is the action in which the developer calls in order to manipulate an array in a specific fashion.  

1. What is the purpose of a loop? When we would use a loop in conjunction with array vs. without?
  - The purpose of a loop is to check over a range of specified data and see check if a condition is true.  Each time the condition is 'true', the loop will execute a block of code (or instructions).  The loop will continue to check the condition while until the condition returns 'false', in which case the loop will stop and move on.  
  - We may want to use a loop in conjunction with an array when we don't know how much data is going to be evaluated by the loop.  Arrays can hold an infinite amount of information and can be manipulated easily, so it would be best to set conditions for a loop based on the grouped information you have in a list (in an array) in order to be able to extract information about specific conditions in any array.  A for loop would most likely be utilized in conjunction with an array so that you could look over the length of the given array and check each piece of data against a condition and return specific instructions based on the data inside the array.  

1. If you had to teach a 5 year old about loops, how would you explain it?
  - If I had to teach 5 year old about loops I would use a teeter-totter as an example.  I would say loops are like a teeter-totter when you only have stuffed animals to play with.  Say you are at the park but no other kids are playing but you want to play on the teeter-totter.  You brought all your best stuffed animals along and could use them to play on the teeter-totter with you.  Loops are similar to a teeter-totter as you can continually check how many stuffed animals it is going to take to balance the teeter-totter so you can go up and down.  So, first you place one stuffed animal on the opposite end of the teeter-totter and run over to the other side to 'check' to see if it has enough weight to lift you off the ground.  It doesn't, so you tell yourself "let's add another stuffed animal." You run off and add another stuffed animal to the opposite side of the teeter-totter, before running back to your side and sit down.  Still the weight of the 2 stuffed animals doesn't lift you off the ground.  So you continue to try by adding stuffed animals one by one to the opposite side of the teeter-totter until you get off the ground and you can go back and forth, up and down, on the teeter-totter.  
  Loops work the same way!  You start at a specific point in your data, 1 stuffed animal, and continue to check a condition, being lift off the ground.  Until you get lift off the ground you continue to increment more and more stuffed animals until your condition is met, lift off!  Once this happens, you are so happy and play for hours with all your stuffed animals on the teeter-totter!  Or a specific block of code is executed (doesn't sound as exciting..).

1. What questions do you still have about Arrays and loops?
  - Still don't have any questions about arrays and loops for what we have covered.  This is still all review from previous knowledge, but know how in depth and complicated these basic tools can get, so excited to dive into them in more depth!
